node: add github packages support (#482)
CleverCloud/doc.clever-cloud.com: commons/get-help/reference-environment-variables.md

    <td>`npm`</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>

>     <td>NPM_REGISTRY</td>

Reviewer: CC_NPM_REGISTRY

>     <td>The host of your private repository, available values: `github` or a full url.</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <td>The host of your private repository, available values: `github` or the registry host.</td>
```

>     <td>The host of your private repository, available values: `npmjs` (registry.npmjs.org) or `github` (npm.pkg.github.com)</td>

Reviewer: It should be either `github` or a full url

>     <td>npmjs</td>

Reviewer: Default is `registry.npmjs.org`
